convert check for understandings into questions (Part A) (#1011)
Techtonica/curriculum: web-patterns/web-patterns.md

### Check for Understanding

> 

Reviewer: Instead of removing, can you move this up into a ###Challenge section?

Form small groups and discuss: 

>    - What are Web Design Patter ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - What are Web Design Patterns?
```

>    - Why use Web Design Patter ?   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Why use Web Design Patterns?   
```

>    - What are the benefits to use a Web Design Pattern?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - What are the benefits of using a Web Design Pattern?
```

>    - Which Web Design Pattern you should use for your personal site?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Which Web Design Pattern will you use for your personal site?
```
